docs: Update HOWTOs for adding new functions (#18089)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/contributor-guide/howtos.md

| ------------- | ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------------- |
| Scalar        | [functions][df-functions] | [`ScalarUDFImpl`]                              | `make_udf_function!()` and `export_functions!()` | [`advanced_udf.rs`]  |
| Nested        | [functions-nested]        | [`ScalarUDFImpl`]                              | `make_udf_expr_and_func!()`                      |                      |
| Aggregate     | [functions-aggregate]     | [`AggregateUDFImpl`] and an [`Accumulator`]    | `make_udaf_expr_and_func!()`                     | [`advanced_udaf.rs`] |
| Window        | [functions-window]        | [`WindowUDFImpl`] and a [`PartitionEvaluator`] | `define_udwf_and_expr!()`                        | [`advanced_udwf.rs`] |
| Table         | [functions-table]         | [`TableFunctionImpl`] and a [`TableProvider`]  | `create_udtf_function!()`                        | [`simple_udtf.rs`]   |

- The macros are to simplify some boilerplate such as ensuring a DataFrame API compatible function is also created

> - Ensure new functions are properly exported through the appropriate `mod`s/`lib`s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure new functions are properly exported through the subproject 
 `mod.rs` or `lib.rs`. 
```

well known data and returns an expected result. See the existing [test files][slt-test-files] if
there is an appropriate file to add test cases to, otherwise create a new file. See the
[`sqllogictest` documentation][slt-readme] for details on how to construct these tests.
Ensure edge case, `null` input cases are considered in these tests.

If a behaviour cannot be tested via `sqllogictest` (e.g. testing `simplify()`, needs to be
tested in isolation from the optimizer, difficult to construct exact input via `sqllogictest`)
then tests can be added as Rust unit tests in the implementation module, though these should be
kept minimal where possible

[slt-test-files]: https://github.com/apache/datafusion/tree/main/datafusion/sqllogictest/test_files
[slt-readme]: https://github.com/apache/datafusion/blob/main/datafusion/sqllogictest/README.md

**Documentation**

Run documentation update script `./dev/update_function_docs.sh` which will update the relevant
markdown document [here][fn-doc-home] (see the documents for [scalar][fn-doc-scalar],
[aggregate][fn-doc-aggregate] and [window][fn-doc-window] functions)

> - You _should not_ manually update the markdown document after running the script as those manual

Reviewer: In fact the CI will also complain :)
